Update changelog entry for the Audit Filtering feature (#24981)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/24558.txt

```release-note:feature

> **Audit Filtering**: Audit devices support go-bexpr-based filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Audit Filtering**: Audit devices support regular-expression-based filter rules to determine what is audit logged (powered by go-bexpr).
```

I'm more sure about the first part, and not 100% sure if that's the best way to describe the feature. What is logged? Which devices it gets logged to? This doesn't remove certain bits from the audit log output - that'll be redaction.

Author: RegEx is supported by go-bexpr, but not all expressions are in the RegEx syntax. How about this?

```suggestion
**Audit Filtering**: Audit devices support expression-based filter rules (powered by go-bexpr) to determine which entries are written to the audit log .```
